Katrina Kaif says 'I've had intense relationships; don't honestly know that I ever feel to date'

Katrina Kaif talks about relationships, how she has never dated and what one should keep in mind when in a relationship.

Katrina Kaif seems to be in the news off lately and in one of her interviews, while the actress confessed that she wants to have a boyfriend in 2019 and also revealed that she wants to have her own production, she also got chatty about relationships, how she has never dated and what one should keep in mind when in a relationship. Katrina was first said to be dating Salman Khan, post which she went on to date Ranbir Kapoor. However, the two broke up, and the latter is now dating Alia Bhatt.

Katrina, during her interview with Filmfare, revealed how she has never been on a date and has had only intense heavy relationships. When she was asked about why isn't she dating anyone, the actress narrated how one of her friends said this to her and to this, she had a long answer ready. Upon listening to her answer, this friend of hers pointed out how this is her problem, the fact that she doesn't know how to date and that she has had this all in kind of a relationship. She said how her friend told her that she hasn't dated anyone, and that's when she realised that what she (her friend)is telling is 100percent true and that she honestly doesn't know if she ever feels to do that.

Talking about how she has given too much in relationships, the actress went on to say how when you think this is your happiness and this is where you feel the most loved and accepted, you just go deeper into that zone without realizing that you are taking so much out of it and that is something no one can sustain. She also had a piece of advice to those in a relationship and said how she now believes that one needs to maintain their sense of individuality and have a sense of who you are. 

On the work front, Katrina will be next seen in the Ali Abbas Zafar directorial, Bharat, co-starring Salman Khan.

