Here's how Salman Khan reacted when Katrina Kaif entered Bharat after Priyanka Chopra's exit

When Priyanka Chopra exited Ali Abbas Zafar's Bharat, starring Salman Khan in the lead, in the eleventh hour, a storm of sorts had stirred up on social media. Zafar had announced the news on social media and had also hinted at Priyanka's wedding with Nick in the same tweet. But soon after her exit, Katrina Kaif entered the film. 

Given that Katrina has previously worked with Salman in several films including Yuvvraaj, Maine Pyaar Kyun Kiya, Ek Tha Tiger, and Tiger Zinda Hai, the fans became excited to see the two stars sharing screen space once again. But all this while, neither Salman nor Katrina talked about the actor's sudden entrance in the film. 

In an interaction with Famously Filmfare, Katrina now opened up about as to the film came about. Contrary to what fans thought, Salman had no role to play in Katrina coming on board, revealed the actor.  She said, “Salman Khan didn't call me at all, he didn't say a word to me. And this is the truth. He did not even call me.. Even when I signed the film, he didn't call me.”



She went on to share that when she went to the shoot for the first day, Salman looked at her, nodded his head and just took her name. She said, “When I went for the first day, I don't know something they were doing and he went like Katrina with a head nod and I am like okay.. fine.”

“He is unpredictable which is why every moment with him is fascinating. There's never a dull moment with Salman,” she added. 

Katrina also shared that the script took her by surprise because she wasn't expecting the character to click. She said, “I read the script, something connected to me very strongly. I didn't expect it, in my mind I had envisioned another kind of role which he had written for the heroine in Bharat, so I was like whatever. When I read it, I was very surprised. It's like a light switch that goes... I saw this opportunity of some desire to do something with this character. I saw it like this is what I want to do.”

The film, which also stars Tabu, Disha Patani and Sunil Grover in key roles, is slated to release around Eid. 
 