'Thugs Of Hindostan Was Not My Film': Katrina Kaif On Failure Of The Aamir Khan Starrer



'Thugs of Hindostan' has found itself in the list of one of the duds of the year. After massive expectations, the Aamir Khan and Amitabh Bachchan starrer was a complete letdown for the audiences.
Recently, actress Katrina Kaif opened up about the film's debacle and said that the failure did not affect her much because it was not so much 'her' film.


'Thugs of Hindostan' has found itself in the list of one of the duds of the year. After massive expectations, the Aamir Khan and Amitabh Bachchan starrer was a complete letdown for the audiences. Recently, actress Katrina Kaif opened up about the film's debacle and said that the failure did not affect her much because it was not so much 'her' film. 



As per media reports, the actress in a recent interview said that 'Thugs Of Hindostan' was not really her film and she will not be taking ownership of the same. Clarifying her point the actress further stated that she had limited screen time in the film and so there wasn't a too much emotional connection with it.

READ: Tiger Shroff Reacts To Link-up Rumours With Disha Patani, Reveals Why He Is Seen Holding A Bag For Her On Their Sunday ‘Dates’

She further stated that the emotion she had for the same was because of the relationship she shares with the cast of the film including Aditya Chopra, Aamir Khan, and director Vijay Krishna Acharya. However, the actress said that she failed to understand what went wrong and why the film tanked at the box office.

The actress reportedly also opened up about her last film 'Zero', which also unsuccessful at the Box Office. Talking about the same, she reportedly said she was very nervous about how director Anand L Rai would wind up the film. She said that it was very tricky as he really went out there and in certain places which made it lose its relatability to the audience.

READ: Kartik Aaryan To Romance Disha Patani In His Next, Bhushan Kumar Confirms

Meanwhile, Katrina Kaif will be next seen in Salman Khan's 'Bharat' which is aimed to release on Eid this year. The film which stars Salman Khan, Katrina Kaif, Disha Patani, Sunil Grover and Nora Fatehi in pivotal roles, is all set to hit the theatres on June 5,.2019. While major details about the big film have been kept under the wraps, media reports suggest that it is an official adaptation of Korean film 'An Ode To My Father'. 

It is set in the backdrop of Indian Independence, the film portrays the journey of a man named 'Bharat', played by Salman, in parallel with the journey of the country towards independence.