Fan requests Katrina Kaif to marry Salman Khan. Here is how she responded

Katrina Kaif was also asked when she was planning to get married and she said that "it takes two to tango" and she would definitely settle down when she found her Mr Right.

t is an open secret in Bollywood circles that Salman Khan and Katrina Kaif used to be in a relationship at one point. According to the grapevine, the two dated for four years before calling it quits in 2009.

Even though Salman and Katrina have parted ways, there is absolutely no bad blood between them. They are still great friends and even refer to each other as "family".

Salman continues to be the most eligible bachelor in B-Town and fans are hoping that he settles down with Katrina. During a recent interview, Katrina was told about a fan who commented on her Instagram post and requested her to marry Salman.

Interestingly, all the actress was willing to say was, "Hmmmm..."

Katrina also opened up about her marriage plans in the interview. "I really don't know. Unfortunately, it takes two to tango in that equation, so when I get someone good, then (I will get married)," she said.

Salman and Katrina will reunite on the big screen once again in Ali Abbas Zafar's Bharat. Incidentally, Priyanka Chopra was the original choice for the period drama. However, after she opted out at the last minute citing personal reasons, Katrina was brought on board.

Contrary to popular perception, Salman was not responsible for Katrina bagging the role. "Salman didn't call me at all. He didn't say a word. And this is the truth. Even when I signed the film, he did not call me. When I went for the first day on sets, he just looked at me and said, 'Katrina'. I'm like... okay, fine!" she revealed in the interview.

It is this random nature of Salman that appeals to Katrina. "He's unpredictable, which is why every moment with him is fascinating. There is never a dull moment with him," she said.

Bharat is an official remake of the Korean film, Ode To My Father, and depicts the history of India through the life of an ordinary man. It is scheduled to open in theatres on Eid this year.

