Katrina Kaif: Interesting statements

Katrina Kaif wants this one thing that Kareena Kapoor Khan has!

Katrina Kaif is currently on a roll. The actress is currently busy shooting for her upcoming film with Salman Khan. She recently revealed about the one thing that she would love to have that Kareena Kapoor Khan has.

Speaking about the same, she reportedly stated that she would like to change her metabolism so that she doesn’t have to go to the gym. Then she would change her eye colour to blue or green, like Kareena's.

The actress also reportedly opened up about her favourite dance moves which is Salman Khan’s 90s song ‘O O Jane Jaana’ from ‘Pyaar Kiya Toh Darna Kya’. She stated that she dances on this song whenever she is sad.

On the work front, she will next be seen in Ali Abbas Zafar’s ‘Bharat’ which also stars Salman Khan, Disha Patani, Tabu, Jackie Shroff, Sunil Grover and others. The film is slated to hit the theatres this Eid.

​Katrina Kaif opens up about her relationship status

Katrina Kaif was dating Ranbir Kapoor and everyone believed they will take their relationship to the next level by tying the knot. However, things didn't go as planned and after six years of dating, the duo parted their ways.


Since then, Katrina is still single while Ranbir has moved on and has found love in Alia Bhatt.


Katrina never opened up about her relationship, however, this time she revealed her revealed relationship status. In an interview, when she was asked about the same, the actress said that she doesn't know really. Kat added that she doesn't know if she will ever be able to do that. The actress concluded that currently, she is as single as one can possibly be.


On the work front, Katrina will be next seen in Salman Khan starrer 'Bharat'. Helmed by Ali Abbas Zafar, the film also stars Disha Patani, Jackie Shroff, Tabu, Sunil Grover and Nora Fatehi in pivotal roles. The film is slated for EID 2019 release.


This is what Katrina Kaif thinks about her ‘Bharat’ journey so far

After Priyanka Chopra’s exit from Ali Abbas Zafar’s upcoming film ‘Bharat’ starring Salman Khan, Katrina Kaif filled in for female lead. The actress recently opened up about her shooting experience with the team so far.

Speaking about how glad she is to be part of ‘Bharat’, Katrina reportedly said that it has been extremely inspiring, exciting, challenging and interesting. According to her, from the moment she started prepping for the film till date, it’s been a journey of discovery and learning. Katrina added that there have been so many moments while filming that she will always cherish.

The actress also stated that as an actor one will always go through highs and lows and since the time she has joined Bollywood, Katrina feels that she has grown and changed immensely as a person.

She was last seen in Aanand L Rai’s ‘Zero’ which also starred Shah Rukh Khan and Anushka Sharma in lead roles.

4/51Katrina Kaif opens up about her sudden exit from Varun Dhawan's dance film

Katrina Kaif was making headlines recently when decided to opt out of Remo D'Souza's upcoming dance film, citing date issues. As soon as the news came out, the makers were quick enough to replace Katrina with Shraddha Kapoor and officially made an announcement. Since now she has joined, Varun and Shraddha will be reuniting on screen after 'ABCD2'.

recently, Katrina Kaif was asked why she walked out of Remo and Varun's film. The actress reportedly said that she feels that everything comes to you what is meant to come and everything happens for the right reasons. It wasn’t possible for him to do the film because of the time constraints. Her upcoming film 'Bharat' needs an Eid release which is in June and that is very critical for the film. They couldn’t fit in the time for that one.

The actress also opened up about the rumours surrounding her being a part of Rohit Shetty's Sooryavanshi starring Akshay Kumar. The actress revealed that she hasn't signed any film after 'Bharat'. She also stated that right now her only focus is 'Bharat'.

Directed by Ali Abbas Zafar, 'Bharat' also stars Disha Patani, Sunil Grover and is all set to hit the screens on Eid, this year. 

5/51Katrina Kaif disagrees with the term ‘item song’

Katrina Kaif has featured in quite a few hit dance numbers and has bagged the title of being one of the best dancers of Bollywood, with songs such as 'Chikni Chameli' and 'Sheila Ki Jawani'. But filmmaker Karan Johar, in a recent interview, had said that he has no problem with a girl dancing, that’s not an "item number". He said that an item song is when she is objectified and when there are men lusting for her like 'Chikni Chameli'. Karan said that he wouldn't ever do a song like that again.


Katrina reacted to the same by saying that she disagrees with the term ‘item song’. She said that we can get into a debate for each lyric and exactly what it said! For her, her idols in dancing are Sridevi, Madhuri Dixit Nene, Madonna and Beyonce. She said that if you go see Beyonce in a concert tomorrow, how she represents herself, it's not objectifying women. Katrina feels that they are expressing and empowering themselves.


She went on to add that if one feels that they are being objectified by the choreographer and what they are doing in the song, then must refrain from doing a song like that. If you are dancing to express yourself, that’s a beautiful thing; it’s not a wrong thing, she feels.

6/51​Katrina Kaif talks about what she took away from her role in her upcoming film 'Zero'

Shah Rukh Khan, Katrina Kaif and Anushka Sharma starrer film 'Zero' is all set to hit the theatres on coming Friday. And the film team is leaving no stone unturned to promote the film.


Recently, during the media interaction, the actress spoke in length about what she took away from her character Babita Kumari from the film. And in a heartfelt reply, she said that sometimes she thinks it can be beneficial in the process of leaving things behind you. Kat said that she can literally not say something that she wanna say for five years. she can be next to a person and not say something. If the situation is delicate, makes her vulnerable and if she wants to express her feelings, she would say 'You really hurt me and I don't know if I will forgive you'. She added that she won't do anything which will put her in a vulnerable position.


Further, she said that as a person she avoids confrontation no matter what equation she has with the person. If anyone who has been linked with her in the past and has unresolved issues between them, she is fine with it as she won't start the conversation. The actress concluded that she won't open her mouth though the person waited for two years to happen the conversation. And she thinks it's fascinating.


Meanwhile, the film helmed by Aanand L Rai will hit the theatres on December 21.

7/51Katrina Kaif opens up about Ranveer Singh-Deepika Padukone, Priyanka Chopra-Nick Jonas wedding pictures

Bollywood has witnessed as many as about four grand weddings this year and their fans and followers have been drooling over their lavish and dreamy wedding pictures. Katrina Kaif, who has been part of the wedding receptions, spoke about what she felt on seeing all those wedding pictures that made its way to the internet.

Katrina reportedly told ZoomTV.com that with their schedules packed they barely get time to go and check for pictures on the internet. However, on Instagram you have feed through which pictures automatically come in. Also, her team has always been the one to show her when something new comes up.

Katrina also said that wedding is a special moment that comes in your life and it is a big deal. She confesses that one feels a little sentimental at those moments. According to the actress they all have had beautiful weddings and that she feels happy for all of them. She also added that there have been about four weddings this year and it is quite amazing.

On the work front, Katrina will next be seen in Aanand L Rai's 'Zero' alongside Shah Rukh Khan and Anushka Sharma and also in Ali Abbas Zafar's 'Bharat' opposite Salman Khan. 

8/51Katrina Kaif reveals she had marriage and children on her mind but plans didn't work out

Katrina Kaif is currently looking forward to the release of her much-anticipated film 'Zero' where she will be playing an alcoholic superstar. The actress recently spoke at length about her love life, if marriage and children are on cards.


She opened up about marriage saying that it was on her mind a few years back but since things didn't work out the way she hoped, she has left everything to the universe. Katrina said that one has to keep following the path set for oneself in life and she doesn’t stress about it now. Katrina confessed that she fought that battle and is at peace with the fact that some things didn’t turn out the way she had hoped for. Now, she has left it to the universe and to God because she is sure there’s a bigger hand that shapes her destiny.


Katrina also said that a bad experience does not deter her from believing in a classic romance. She added that love will come to her at the right time when she least expects it. Katrina said that she could drop a book at the airport and she could fall in love with a stranger who also goes down to pick it up as she bends on her knee to go for it as well.

9/51Katrina Kaif talks about her journey of self-discovery and being single for the past two years

Katrina Kaif has had an immensely successful journey thus far in Bollywood. She is one of the few actresses who has multiple 100-crore films to her credit. While her professional life has been at an all-time with films like ‘Zero’ opposite Shah Rukh Khan and ‘Bharat’ opposite Salman Khan, awaiting their releases, her love life has taken a back seat.

Post her highly publicised breakup, the actress immersed herself in work that has her juggling time between the film sets and promotional commitments. In a recent interview, the beauty let her guard down and spoke her heart about her journey of self-discovery and acknowledging that her love-life is non-existent. She went on to state that post her breakup, she had time to “introspect”. Saying that when in a relationship, one is not forced to look at one’s self in any great perspective and now with her head on her shoulder, there’s nothing to “distract” her in this “very intense time.”

This is what Katrina Kaif wants to steal from Alia Bhatt

While a lot has been said about Katrina Kaif and Alia Bhatt not being in good terms with each other, given the Ranbir Kapoor factor common between them, the actresses have time and again proved that all is well between them. Recently, when Katrina was asked in a chat show as to what is that she wants to steal from Salman Khan and Alia Bhatt, this is what she replied.

Speaking about the things that Katrina would want to steal from Salman and Alia, she reportedly said that she would want to steal Salman’s charm and the love of people he gets from them and as from Alia, she stated that she would like to steal all her awards.

Also speaking about dating and finding a partner, Katrina reportedly added that it is something that one should not work upon and that it should happen naturally and organically. According to her, it should come to you when the universe will bring it to you.

Katrina Kaif reveals the best thing about being single

 Bollywood actress Katrina Kaif has had an immensely successful journey in Bollywood. Today the gorgeous actress celebrates her 35th birthday and she sure has proven how to grow and mature with age beautifully.

When a daily recently asked Katrina on how she has evolved as a person, the actress shared, that how over the last two years, she had done a lot of self-introspection. Speaking on the lines of being single, Kat said that when one is single, they get to know introspect within oneself more and discover the things that one likes.

Katrina professed that she has been extremely satisfied workwise and is enjoying being on the sets again because there was a phase where she wasn’t super inspired. She added that 2017 has been creatively satisfying for her and working with Aanand (L Rai) has been a learning experience. Katrina shared that over the last few weeks, she has been thinking quite seriously about the kind of work that she wants to do.

When Katrina Kaif was asked about her reply if Salman Khan proposed to her

Although the two have never spoken publicly much about their relationship, it was known that Salman Khan and Katrina Kaif shared a special friendship. They are not together anymore, and it’s commendable the way they have managed to retain a friendship even after their supposed break up.

When Katrina made an appearance on Karan Johar’s chat show, 'Koffee with Karan', way back in 2007, she was asked by Karan what would her response be if Salman ever asked her to marry him. And she lost her train of thought and words for a moment. Then she replied, “This is not a rapid fire. This is so unfair! This is complete cheating, I swear. Depends when he asks me”.

Katrina Kaif on working with the Khans: I try and surround myself with those who are the best in their fields

 More than a decade in the industry, Katrina Kaif has seen all the ups and downs. In the present day scenario, the ‘Baar Baar Dekho’ actor is definitely on the roll. Katrina is currently shooting for her next with Aamir Khan, Amitabh Bachchan and Fatima Sana Shaikh in pivotal roles. Katrina Kaif is also a part of Shah Rukh Khan starrer Aanand L Rai's 'Zero'. It also features Anushka Sharma in the lead role. And her last release with Salman Khan too was a hit.

Katrina reportedly told a daily about how it is working with the Khans. She said that she considers herself fortunate and finds it incredible that she is working with people who are at the top of their game. They can only help her become better. One doesn’t last for 25-30 years (in the industry) without being damn good at your job. Being that passionate is no joke. Plus, the actor who one works with is very important, as they are creating something together. She opined that she is here to do exactly that- to try and better her own work and also surround herself with those who are the best in their fields.

Katrina Kaif says she has pictured herself as a married woman

Katrina Kaif is enjoying the success of her latest release starring Salman Khan. And, this was kind of a boost to her drought-hit career after somewhat unsuccessful films like 'Jagga Jasoos' and 'Baar Baar Dekho'. On the personal front, she has parted ways with alleged boyfriend Ranbir Kapoor.

According to a report, while talking about her personal life she reportedly said that there comes a time in one's life when they get married and have kids; at that point, work takes a backseat because family becomes one's priority.

15/51Katrina Kaif reveals that Shah Rukh Khan was not part of ‘Zero’ initially

Aanand L Rai’s upcoming film ‘Zero’ brings back the ‘Jab Tak Hai Jaan’ trio Shah Rukh Khan, Katrina Kaif and Anushka Sharma back together. The title and the teaser of the film have already created a buzz and now, Katrina Kaif revealed that SRK was not part of the film initially.
According to reports, Katrina Kaif said that initially she was supposed to play herself and that the film was also titled ‘Katrina Meri Jaan’. However, then there was a different cast on board and SRK was not part of it. Now, the movie is reportedly a satirical take on the actress.
Calling him one of the best actors in the industry, Katrina also reportedly added that his drive, energy and passion are commendable and that she feels great to be around him on the set.

16/51Here’s what Katrina Kaif had to say about her equation with Salman Khan

There’s no denying the fact that Katrina Kaif and Salman Khan share a special bond. Despite being former flames, the two actors are still close friends and love the other’s company. Katrina has been very vocal about her fondness for Salman and has even called him "family."

Recently, the actress revealed something very interesting. She said that her equation with Salman is even unknown to her. She can’t fathom their personal and professional camaraderie but says that Salman has known her from the time she was 17-years and that although it is hard to describe their equation, they have a lot of respect for each other. She even went on to say that she likes him as a person, who he is and what he stands for.

Katrina Kaif is all praises for Salman Khan; calls him family

There’s no denying the fact that Katrina Kaif and Salman have an amazing camaraderie both off and onscreen. Not only that but the two hold a very warm place for each other in their hearts and share a great deal of friendship. They are loved by their fans immensely as they crave to see this pair set the screen ablaze together.

Recently, Katrina admitted to her strong bond with Salman and said wherever life takes her, he will always be family.
She also spoke about working with the three Khans of Bollywood and why she looks forward to working with them again. She reportedly said that if a female actor feels that working with the Khans is synonymous to leaning on them for success, she simply shouldn't work with them. However, she has always approached her career with the aim of collaborating with the most creative minds.
18/51Here’s what Katrina Kaif had to say about working with Ranbir Kapoor again

Anurag Basu’s much-awaited film ‘Jagga Jasoos’ starring ex-lovers Ranbir Kapoor and Katrina Kaif is finally set to hit the screens on July 14, and fans can’t seem to contain their excitement to see the duo on-screen once again.
However, this could be the last time the two will share screen space. At least that's what Kaif would want as she mentioned so during a promotional event for ‘Jagga Jasoos’.
According to reports, when Kat was asked whether she would like to work with Kapoor again, she said that it was "very difficult" considering Ranbir is a very trying and testing person. She reportedly added that RK has also gestured not to work on a future film project. Katrina concluded by saying that it will "never happen again".
Ranbir, however, chose not to comment on the topic and ended the conversation claiming he was pressed for time.
19/51What’s Katrina Kaif hinting at with her cryptic messages?

For somebody who shied away from social media until July this year, Katrina Kaif has taken to it quite smoothly. The ‘Baar Baar Dekho’ actress is quite active on Facebook and is always seen updating her fans on her whereabouts.

After giving us glimpses into her Maldivian vacay recently, Kat now shared a cryptic post on her handle. The picture sees her standing next to a signboard and she borrowed a line from JRR Tolkien’s poem ‘All that is gold does not glitter’ for the caption. She wrote, “Not all those who wander are lost.”

Another post of the actress too showed that she is in a rather philosophical mood. Katrina posted a picture which sees her sans any make-up and captioned it, “You must learn one thing, the world was made to be free in. Give up all other worlds except the one in which you belong.”

Scroll down for more.
20/51PIC: Katrina Kaif's version of Anna Scott from Notting Hill is hysterical




