 Katrina Kaif is all praise for Ranveer Singh and Alia Bhatt’s Gully Boy, actress’ response will melt your heart 

 Katrina Kaif and Alia Bhatt have often revealed that the duo shares a very warm relationship with each other despite the fact that the latter is dating Katrina’s ex-boyfriend Ranbir Kapoor currently. While the rumours had it that the actresses’ relationship has gone sour, but their actions tell quite the opposite. Alia Bhatt recently featured in Zoya Akhtar directorial Gully Boy which is smashing the box office these days and the actress is gathering praises from all corners. After filmmaker Karan Johar, Bollywood beauty Katrina Kaif showered the cast and crew of the film with praises while she was busy shooting for her upcoming film Bharat.

Taking to her Instagram story, Katrina Kaif shared a poster of Gully Boy and wrote, “My dearest @zoieakhtar your time is here and how, you are such a leader and visionary, so fearless and always forging a new path @ranveersingh all heart and soul, what craft RESPECT @aliaabhatt you light up the screen words fall short to describe you @siddhantchaturvedi just phenomenal unforgettable performance, and the entire cast are just outstanding.” Katrina not just appreciated her close friend Zoya Akhtar’s directing skills but the entire starcast received her love. Check out the post here-

In no time, Alai Bhatt also took to her Instagram story to thank her friend Katrina Kaif for her golden words and claimed that she is the ‘Best Person’. Alia and Katrina are always seen praising each other at various platforms whenever asked about their equation. Recently, when Katrina Kaif appeared on Famously Filmfare, the actress revealed that her relationship with Alia is a very personal thing so why should it get affected with the fact that who are we dating. On the other hand, Alai Bhatt also in an interview praised Katrina and said that she likes her Instagram ethics as well as cations.

On Monday, filmmaker Karan Johar also poured in his review of Gully Boy and in a long Instagram post revealed how he felt about the film. He said, “When passion supersedes grass root realities...when dreams make you wake up to bigger dreams....when you wrap rap into a form of solid expression....when you tell a story that has all this and more....that’s when you have a film that you can assuredly call a MASTERPIECE of modern times! @zoieakhtar weaves a story of aspirations in the underbelly of Mumbai like a bonafide magician....she slowly reveals every trick in her genius bag and you walk away with a lump in your throat and a swag in your step! #apnatimeaayega becomes your life mantra and all you want to do is dance the dance of great Cinema! I have just witnessed a cult classic that has possibly the best ensemble of actors we have seen this decade... @ranveersingh delivers the loudest quiet performance oscillating between silence and storm and you are left awestruck by his immense versatility and ability to sink his teeth into every single character....he makes you feel every beat of Murad’s beats! Outstanding!! What do I say about the girl wonder @aliaabhatt who explodes like a volcano every time she appears on screen! You wait for her and worry about her next move with joy and excitement! ! She is so so so brilliant! I think Safeena deserves a spin off film of her own!”

On the work front, Alia Bhatt is currently shooting for Ayan Mukerji directorial Brahmastra alongside Ranbir Kapoor and is also gearing up for Dharma Productions’ Kalank also starring Varun Dhawan and Aditya Roy Kapur.

