Alia Bhatt Finally Talks About Her Marriage, Says She Is Balancing Work And Relationship Quite Well

Crushes turning into your partner is one of the most beautiful things ever and we don’t doubt that Alia Bhatt must be having the time of her life! Time and again she has revealed about her fondness for Ranbir Kapoor and it was only until lately, that news about their dating spree started doing the rounds on the internet. And how beautiful do they look with each other! (Do Read: Tiger Shroff Reveals The Real Reason For Regularly Being Spotted With Disha Patani On Lunch Dates)

Riding high on the pillion of success both professionally and personally these days, Alia Bhatt appeared in a never-seen-avatar in Zoya Akhtar’s Gully Boy. At the film’s trailer launch, when a journalist asked Alia about what is it like to work with superstars, Ranveer Singh and Ranbir Kapoor, the actress was quoted as saying, “There are a lot similarities. Both are superb human beings, both are outstanding actors and both are very special for me. The only difference is that I am doing Gully Boy with one and Brahmastra with another.” Further commenting on the same and pulling Alia’s leg, Ranveer added, “Ek thoda zaada special hai, ek thoda kam” and burst out laughing while a blushing Alia gave a small smack on Ranveer’s arms! 

And post the humongous success of the film, Alia, in several interviews, shared notable insights about her relationship with beau, Ranbir. In an interview with DNA, she spoke about putting a date to her wedding, “I’m too young to think about it. When I feel there’s a need to be in a stronger bond with him, we will come to it. But right now, I’m married to my work and I also have my relationship going well on the side." 

Further speaking about her rumoured 2020 wedding, the Raazi actress was quoted as saying, “I don’t understand the need for everyone to discuss this (my wedding) all the time. But then, I think to myself that it’s a simple question and my answer remains the same. If I’m not getting married right now, that’s what I’ll say. I’m happy being in a relationship, but that doesn’t mean I’m tying the knot just yet.” 

Valentine’s Day just went by and the duo was seen enjoying a date together, wherein, Ranbir’s personal chef, Harsh Dixit, had cooked an array of mouth-watering dishes for the couple, who had happily posed for the camera. Sharing the picture, the celebrity chef wrote, “Happy Valentine’s Day. All smiles post a #NotSoNasty 3 course valentines dinner . The menu tonight included a bunch of aphrodisiacs like red chillies, avocado, cinnamon, garlic, asparagus, truffle, salmon, chocolate, cherries, vanilla and lots of love. Obviously #ZeroSugar coz #Diet #ValentinesDay #Love #Keto #SemiCheatMeal #HisAndHers #PrivateDinners #PrivateChef #TrueCooks #Mumbai.” Here’s the picture: (Must Read: Arjun Kapoor-Malaika Arora Go On A Threesome Lunch Date, They Are Accompanied By This Special Person) 

Throwing light on how she spent her V-day, Alia had shared with Asian Age, “I was definitely Valentining on that day. Since I’ve been promoting Gully Boy, I had a late night and woke up late on Valentine’s Day. I was flooded with messages and greetings about our film along with some Valentine’s greetings and some marriage proposals from strangers as well." Gully Boy released on the same day and everyone was under the impression that the actress must have had a busy day, but did she have time for Ranbir? The 25-year-old star added, “There was time for Ranbir also, don’t worry.” 

Remember, a few days back, some pictures of a gloomy-faced Alia was all over the internet where she was sitting with Ranbir? Speaking to DNA, she revealed, “Anybody who looks at my face tells me, ‘Alia, why are you looking so sad? Please cheer up’. I tend to zone out a lot. But only a few people will know that this is my usual face, when I’m focused or thinking about something. So, I just can’t believe that my frown has become a sensation and a new story is being cooked up everyday about how I’m sad. It’s not true.” She also added, “I don’t find the need to clarify it because in my heart, if I know what the truth is, nothing else really matters.”

Alia and Ranbir

On December 2018, Alia’s daddy dear, Mahesh Bhatt finally confirmed their relationship and shared, “Well, of course they’re in love. You don’t need to be a genius to get that! I love Ranbir… he’s a great guy. What they do to their relationship is something they’ll have to figure out.” Disclosing their marriage plans, Mahesh ji shared, “Whether it’s heading towards that port called ‘marriage’ — which is an institution that needs to be questioned in the second decade of the 21st century — is something for them to figure out. I’m no one to hazard a guess when that would happen or which way the relationship is going. It’s life and life needs to be lived on its own terms. Let’s wait and see what tomorrow brings for us!” (Also Read: Neha Kakkar Gets Emotional After Watching Performance On This Song, Reminded Her Of Ex-Himansh Kohli) 

Can’t wait for the day when Alia and Ranbir would get married! What about you guys? 