 Gully boy box office collection Day 5: Ranveer Singh film earns Rs 81.10 crore 

  Gully boy box office collection Day 5: Ranveer Singh and Alia Bhatt musical drama's total collection stands at Rs 81.10 crore. It crossed the benchmark of Rs 75 crore within five days of its release. 

  Starring Ranveer Singh and Alia Bhatt in lead roles, Gully Boy is raking in huge numbers at the box office in the first week of its release. Helmed by Zoya Akhtar, the musical drama’s total collection stands at Rs 81.10 crore.

On its first Monday, the film crossed the benchmark of Rs 75 crore and added Rs 8.65 crore to its collection. Trade analyst Taran Adarsh shared the total collection of the film until now as he tweeted, “#GullyBoy shows a solid hold on Mon [Day 5]… Expectedly, metros are driving the biz… Should hit ₹ 💯 cr on Thu [Day 8]… Mumbai circuit is the front runner [terrific]… Thu 19.40 cr, Fri 13.10 cr, Sat 18.65 cr, Sun 21.30 cr, Mon 8.65 cr. Total: ₹ 81.10 cr. India biz.”

Swiftly inching towards the Rs 100 crore club, Gully Boy is benefiting from positive word-of-mouth promotion.

The film had a successful start as it garnered Rs 19.40 crore on its opening day. It earned Rs 32.50 crore, Rs 51.15 crore, and Rs 72.45 crore on its second, third and fourth day, respectively.

Ranveer Singh plays a rapper in this Zoya Akhtar directorial. Also starring Siddhant Chaturvedi, Kalki Koechlin and Vijay Raaz, the movie tells the story of the underground hip-hop scene in India.
Latest Videos
03:05
Total Dhamaal is India’s first adventure comedy: Ajay Devgn

The film is loosely based on the story of rappers Divine and Naezy.

Gully Boy opened to good reviews. In her review, Indian Express film critic Shubhra Gupta wrote, “Gully Boy is the story of a young man breaking free through street rap. Zoya Akhtar, working off a script she has written with Reema Kagti, stuffed with pulsating dialogue by Vijay Maurya and four young rappers, takes this one-line premise and runs with it, and gives us a film which shines a light on those who have, over the years, been made invisible in mainstream Bollywood: the minorities, the underclass, the dispossessed, people who have no access to the fancy arcades of wealthy India.”