Katrina Kaif on bagging Bharat after Priyanka Chopra's exit: Salman Khan did not call me

Salman Khan and Katrina Kaif are set to return to the big screen with Ali Abbas Zafar's Bharat. The original choice for the leading lady was Priyanka Chopra. But she opted out later owing to her wedding with Nick Jonas.

alman Khan and Katrina Kaif fans are in for a treat this Eid. One of the most-popular on-screen pairs is set to return to the big screen with Ali Abbas Zafar's Bharat, and their fans cannot keep calm. It is no secret that Katrina wasn't the first choice for the film. It was only after Priyanka Chopra's impromptu exit that Katrina came on board.

In a recent chat show, Katrina revealed the real reason behind signing Bharat. She said, "When I read the script, something connected to me very strongly. I didn't expect it. In my mind I had envisioned another kind of role which was written for the heroine in Bharat. And I was like, hmm..whatever. But when I read it, I was very surprised. I saw this opportunity of some desire for me to try and do something with this character. I saw and I knew I wanted to do it."

When many believe that Salman might have helped Katrina in bagging Bharat, the 35-year-old actress revealed that Salman had no part to play. In fact, she mentioned that the 53-year-old actor did not even call her.

"Salman didn't call me at all. He didn't say a word. And this is the truth. Even when I signed the film, he did not call me. When I went for the first day on sets, he just looked at me and said, 'Katrina'. I'm like... okay, fine! He is unpredictable which is why every moment with him is fascinating. There is never a dull moment with Salman," added Katrina.

Directed by Ali Abbas Zafar, Bharat once again reunites the popular jodi. An official remake of a Korean film An Ode To My Father, Bharat depicts the history of India through the life of an ordinary man. The film also stars Disha Patani and Tabu. Bharat is set to hit the screens on Eid this year.

